DualStack docs update (#12246)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/networking/dual-stack-networking-migration.md

## Migration Process

> The migration process is configured to take place during the corresponding shoot maintenance time window. That implies that steps 2-5 will happen automatically during the maintenance time window. If you wish to run the migration process earlier, then you need to trigger yourself reconciliation for **Step 2** and **Step 5** below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration process should usually take place during the corresponding shoot maintenance time window. If you wish to run the migration process earlier, then you need to roll the nodes yourself and then trigger a reconcile so that the status of the `DualStackNodesMigrationReady` constraint is set to `true`. Once this is the case a new reconciles needs to be triggered to update the final components as described in step 5.  
```
